README.md, before:

# abcors
ABookCase Orbital Reference System (KSP mod)

Simply mouse over an orbit of the current craft in map view to see time and altitude information.


Forum user @zentarul made this nice little mod at the request of Twitch streamer ABookCase.  It hasn't been updated since KSP 1.2, and I had a request to update it.  Original thread is here:https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/131706-12-abookcase-orbital-reference-system-0410/&

This is a request from ABookCase who wanted a simple mod that displays altitude of an orbit at a point by hovering the mouse over it. 

 

Download: https://github.com/linuxgurugamer/abcors/releases
Spacedock: https://spacedock.info/mod/1756/ABookCase Orbital Reference System Updated
Github: https://github.com/linuxgurugamer/abcors
License: MIT
Now available via CKAN

Main change is that there is now a Settings page, available in the stock settings page, and no more need for a local config file.

The mouse is not shown in the screenshots, but I'm sure you can imagine it.

https://i.imgur.com/KSCpl50.png

 

Imgur Gallery:  http://imgur.com/a/K6wiA

Commit message:

Changed the Update to FixedUpdate, no need to check every update, FixedUpdate is 50x/sec which is more than enough
	Added ability to set an alarm, either KAC or stock (or both)
	Updated translation files with new strings

README.md, after:

# abcors
ABookCase Orbital Reference System (KSP mod)

Simply mouse over an orbit of the current craft in map view to see time and altitude information.


Forum user @zentarul made this nice little mod at the request of Twitch streamer ABookCase.  It hasn't been updated since KSP 1.2, and I had a request to update it.  Original thread is here:https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/131706-12-abookcase-orbital-reference-system-0410/&

This is a request from ABookCase who wanted a simple mod that displays altitude of an orbit at a point by hovering the mouse over it. 

 

Download: https://github.com/linuxgurugamer/abcors/releases
Spacedock: https://spacedock.info/mod/1756/ABookCase Orbital Reference System Updated
Github: https://github.com/linuxgurugamer/abcors
License: MIT
Now available via CKAN

Main change is that there is now a Settings page, available in the stock settings page, and no more need for a local config file.

The mouse is not shown in the screenshots, but I'm sure you can imagine it.

New change is now the ability to set an alarm, either KAC, Stock or both, at a specific point in orbit.  Since left-clicking on a point on the orbit brings up the stock dialog to create a maneuver or warp to that point, the default activation is a right-click which brings up a new window.  This windows will let you set the title and description of the new alarm, and then to add it to KAC (if it's installed) or the Stock alarm.  You can choose to add it to both if you like.  
New settings have been added to support this (default values are shown):

    Setting                                 Default value
    Show dialog to add alarm                true
    Use Left Button to show alarm dialog    false
    Use Right Button to show alarm dialog   true
    Ignore stock alarm if KAC is installed  true






https://i.imgur.com/KSCpl50.png

 

Imgur Gallery:  http://imgur.com/a/K6wiA
